README.md, before:

# Calculator

This project is a calculator that does all the basic operations

![A dark page with a calculator and a dark-colored display that shows the calculation "thirty two dot five plus sixty nine" in white. On the calculation's left, between parenthesis, the number "one hundred and one dot five" in low opacity; below, a box with math basic operations symbols, from left to right: plus, minus, multiply, divide, del, and ce; the last two in uppercase, they represent delete and clear buttons, and those texts are in white with their backgrounds in pink; and below, a box with numbers 0 to 9 plus a dot and equal button.
All of the numbers and symbols are black, while the buttons are white.](https://i.ibb.co/4MnqnKj/Screenshot-2022-05-14-at-00-21-30-React-App.png "Calculator")

## Installation

I am going to show how to install using npm, so please make sure you have it installed

```
git clone https://github.com/gabrielemartins/calculator.git
cd calculator
npm install
npm start
```

## Usage

The calculator is ready to do all the basic operations such as add, subtract, divide, and multiply

### Add

![](https://i.ibb.co/wJN5jcw/add.gif)

### Subtract

![](https://i.ibb.co/JBqfDXH/subtract.gif)

### Multiply

![](https://i.ibb.co/dWXGvhk/multiply.gif)

### Divide

![](https://i.ibb.co/1ZM3D2F/divide.gif)

### Delete

![](https://i.ibb.co/Z6WGw1z/delete.gif)

### Clear

![](https://i.ibb.co/Tvv3qfz/clear.gif)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change

Commit message:

docs: add a description to each usage example

README.md, after:

# Calculator

This project is a calculator that does all the basic operations

![A dark page with a calculator and a dark-colored display that shows the calculation "thirty two dot five plus sixty nine" in white. On the calculation's left, between parenthesis, the number "one hundred and one dot five" in low opacity; below, a box with math basic operations symbols, from left to right: plus, minus, multiply, divide, del, and ce; the last two in uppercase, they represent delete and clear buttons, and those texts are in white with their backgrounds in pink; and below, a box with numbers 0 to 9 plus a dot and equal button.
All of the numbers and symbols are black, while the buttons are white.](https://i.ibb.co/4MnqnKj/Screenshot-2022-05-14-at-00-21-30-React-App.png "Calculator")

## Installation

I am going to show how to install using npm, so please make sure you have it installed

```
git clone https://github.com/gabrielemartins/calculator.git
cd calculator
npm install
npm start
```

## Usage

The calculator is ready to do all the basic operations such as add, subtract, divide, and multiply

### Add

The calculator is performing a mathematical calculation of the sum, adding fifty to fifty, and presenting the result as one hundred.
![](https://i.ibb.co/wJN5jcw/add.gif)

### Subtract

Here, the calculator subtracts five from ten and returns the number five

![](https://i.ibb.co/JBqfDXH/subtract.gif)

### Multiply

In the case of multiplication, an example is multiplying the number sixty-five dot five seven times and getting four hundred and fifty-eight dot five as a result
![](https://i.ibb.co/dWXGvhk/multiply.gif)

### Divide

The division action is explained in the following example, in which the calculator divides sixty-five divided by five, yielding thirteen.
![](https://i.ibb.co/1ZM3D2F/divide.gif)

### Delete

This is a demonstration of the DEL button functionality that erases the last character

![](https://i.ibb.co/Z6WGw1z/delete.gif)

### Clear

The last button, CE, cleans from display what has been done.
![](https://i.ibb.co/Tvv3qfz/clear.gif)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change
